.TH man 1 "07 May 2019" "2.0.4" "avantation"
.SH NAME
avantation \- build openapi3.0 specification from HAR
.SH SYNOPSIS
avantation [HAR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
avantation is tool the for generate OpenAPI3.0 from HTTP Archive format(HAR).
.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-host\fR
Filter the http requests from \fBHAR\fR and use it as server url in OpenAPI3.0
.br
\fBdefault:\fR first request url in \fBHAR\fR entry.

.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-base\-path
Separate the common path as base path from \fBHTTP requests\fR
.br
\fBExample:\fR 'api/v1'
.br
\fBdefault:\fR ''

.TP
\fB\-r\fR, \fB\-\-path\-param\-regex\fR
Converts regex matching paths into dynamic paths.
.br
\fBdefault:\fR [0-9]|[-$@!~%^*()_+]

.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-security\-headers\fR
Map matching \fBHTTP\fR headers into security headers on request.
.br
\fBSyntax:\fR
{
"\fBheaderNameInHTTPRequest\fR": {Sequrity Scheme Object as per OAS3.0}
}
.br
\fBExample:\fR
\'{
"\fBx-api-key\fR": {
"name": "X-API-KEY",
"type": "apiKey",
"in": "headers"
}
}\'
.br
\fBdefault:\fR {}

.TP
\fB\-t\fR, \fB\-\-template\fR
To override the default template pass the template file location.

.TP
\fB\-\-disable\-tag\fR
Disable end ponits grouping based on route paths in \fBHAR\fR

.TP
\fB\-\-http\-snippet\fR
Generate HTTP sample code snippet for request and append it as \'x-code-sample\' to OpenAPI path object.

.TP
\fB\-j\fR, \fB\-\-json\fR
Wirte the output in \fBJSON\fR format.

.TP
\fB\-o\fR, \fB\-\-out\fR
Write output result at this DEST location.
.br
.br
\fBdefault:\fR \.\//openapi.yaml

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.
.SH AUTHOR
Anbarasan K (anbuksv@gmail.com)
